Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
I'll be home before dark.
Keep warm and be a good boy.
Got it. Ryo?
Mommy?
Awake?
Yeah.
You had a nightmare.
So many books.
(Phaedrus)
What's this?
It looks really difficult.
It's Greek to me.
You go to Kowa University?
Yeah.
Wait 'till I tell my friends
I slept with a Kowa student.
(Call Boy)
(Skipped class again. Ryo? From: Megumi)
Evening.
I'm meeting someone.
Please.
I'm so sorry I'm late.
I just got here.
- Hey.
- Yo.
Introductions.
This is Ryo Morinaka from middle school.
And Shizuka Midoh. the girl of my dreams.
- Restroom?
- Over there.
See ya.
Now that's one sugar mama.
Came to my host club last week.
Of all the popular hosts
there. she chose me.
Understandable.
Tonight's our first outside date.
But no sex yet.
Know why?
Why?
The longer I hold out. the more money
I can extract.
Host or bartender?
Who can make a better cocktail?
He does this.
Sounds fun.
How can I lose to a guy who's buttoned up?
You gotta show some skin to draw the girls.
But Ryo here does pretty well.
Women are boring.
He's second to me. of course.
Here you are.
- Here.
- Thanks.
How's mine?
Very good.
Now this one.
Mine's better. right?
As a quick drink. it's Shinya.
To savor slowly? Ryo.
What is that?
Shall we move on?
As you wish.
On my tab.
Thank you.
(I'll be waiting outside your bar
when your shift ends.)
Where's Shinya?
Who cares?
You intrigue me more.
Hop in.
Where to?
My condo.
School tomorrow?
Yeah. but don't worry.
It's not worth going.
So you said...
women are boring. huh?
Do you find sex boring. too?
It's a lot of work for just
a fixed sequence of steps.
I see.
If that's true. would you be willing
to prove that to me?
Why not?
I've got nothing better to do.
I'd be bored either way.
Are you ready?
Can I shower first?
No.
I want to smell you.
Your hair. body and genitals.
Do you keep yourself clean?
What are your practices?
Shall we begin then?
Your partner will be her.
Say hello. Sakura.
This man is Ryo Morinaka.
She says. "Hello".
Sakura was born deaf. but...
she can read lips.
Give your lovemaking a test.
I'll watch from here.
Okay?
Begin.
Sorry.
I'm sorry. Sakura!
I'm coming!
Nicely done.
The shower's down the hall.
How was it?
My love making.
I'd value it at
5.000 yen. ($50)
That's about right.
Sakura.
thank you.
Go get some rest.
What is it?
Thanks to her. you barely passed.
Passed? Passed what?
The passion test.
Are you interested in working at my club?
I introduce men to women.
Call it a Boys club.
Our fees start at 10.000 yen an hour.
You passed at the lowest fee grade.
These guys...
sell their bodies?
In the usual cases.
But women aren't that simple.
Most take in a show. or go out for dinner.
Do you want to keep having boring sex?
Sakura seemed to like you.
But I find your sex lacking.
It doesn't move your partner.
You don't try to read her body signals.
What could be a beautiful act for two
is taken by one.
First. you must stop
thinking women are boring.
People only find what they seek.
What you belittle as boring is more
wonderful than you can imagine.
If you're to live in this world. running
from women or sex serves no purpose.
If you feel like trying out my club.
give me a call tomorrow.
(Dear Ryo. forgive my poor writing.)
(I really enjoyed last night.
It was lovely. Thanks.)
(But I won't call and bother you.)
(P.S. I'll try to read Phaedrus.)
(Ryo Morinaka. Dept. Economics.
Faculty of Political Science & Economics)
Let's forego flashy.
Simple and modern suits you better.
But if we're going to dress you seriously.
we also need a cute touch.
No pointy shoes. It's a
big turnoff for women.
Wear clean underwear always.
It's worn for show.
Understood.
(Ryo)
Will my face do?
Women aren't just drawn to pretty faces.
Your difficult and troubled look
is also a magnet for women.
Are you serious?
You surprised me.
After yesterday. I
didn't expect you'd call.
Yeah.
Hello.
Oh. Azuma.
Good timing.
This is our newbie. Ryo Morinaka.
This here is Azuma Hirato.
Pleasure.
Azuma is my man for VIP
customers exclusively.
There's no upper limit to his fee.
Stop it.
I do nothing special.
Get your blood tested as soon as you can.
It's a prerequisite to starting.
Okay.
What?
I don't know how you feel. Shizuka.
But I think Ryo will be extremely popular.
I highly doubt that.
No. I'm absolutely sure of it.
Here.
What?
Copy of this week's lecture notes.
You need to start attending class.
3rd years have started job-hunting.
What'll you have?
Campari soda. On the house?
Of course.
Yo.
Hey.
Whoah. if it isn't Megumi!
- You came.
- Back off. clown.
I'm a serious working man.
unlike this truant here.
Hosts aren't serious.
About sex. I am.
My research and practice never ends.
You're obscene.
Sex is all about technique.
No. it's not.
In the end. it is.
Then what is good sex
from a woman's point of view?
Sex so good. it can't be priced.
What's up with you?
Are you asking seriously?
I'd like to know.
Let me think.
It's probably sex
done with all your heart with one you love.
And without love?
Beats me. I have to love the guy.
Imagine buying a guy overseas.
What would you expect?
I don't imagine things like that.
I'd feel dirty.
Yeah. you'd hate to get a STD.
Exactly. Disgusting.
(Shizuka Midoh)
Hello?
Ryo. you've got your first job.
What?
Shibuya. 2 o'clock.
Don't worry. she's a good customer.
Call me after you're done.
Wait. what should I do?
I leave that to you.
Focus on her. and use your intellect
and sensibilities accordingly.
Take it slowly at first.
Then. if there's an opening.
act boldly with conviction.
Ryo of Club Passion?
Uh. yes.
How do you do?
Pleased to meet you.
You're...
my very first customer.
Shizuka has told me. I'm Hiromi. Hello.
So you're a student?
Yes. University.
Do you have a girlfriend?
I haven't found the right one.
I see.
You seem to me...
like you have someone special.
Yes.
I do. but...
let's not talk about that.
Of course.
What do you think of older women?
How do you mean?
Please speak frankly.
Well...
ever since I was a child...
I've liked adult women.
So I've never understood
why as they get older...
women would view it as a liability.
That always seemed a mystery to me.
Really.
I had fun today. Give my best to Shizuka.
What?
I'll see you.
Thank you.
Hello? We just now split ways.
Ryo. your first job was a success.
What?
Free tomorrow?
Uh. yes.
Hiromi asked for you again.
Same time and place. Good luck.
I surprised you yesterday.
I thought I angered you.
I said I'll see you.
What I like
is arriving a bit early
and thinking about what I'll do today.
The vexation of waiting for someone
is a feeling I love.
When it's a charming man...
going straight to bed is a waste.
Men probably can't understand that.
They can for some women.
Someone important you mean?
I mean irrespective of love or affection...
we'll sometimes want to go slowly. too.
But...
restraint can be very difficult.
Very true.
Restraint can be very difficult indeed.
I want to make love to you right now.
I bet you have a lot of women. Ryo.
No. don't Ryo. Not there.
Let me see you down there.
Feel free to make some
noise if you like it.
Oh. Ryo.
Please. enter me.
Hurry.
Stroke my clit.
Ryo!
Hiromi!
Hiromi.
Hiromi. I'm coming.
Come!
I'm coming!
Ryo. that was incredible.
The dentist that I go to
is 30 minutes away by car.
That's pretty far.
Know why I chose such a distant dentist?
No. I don't.
It's very simple.
'Cause he's a good dentist?
Nope. Try again.
Really? Then what?
Let me give you a hint.
Every time I see that dentist.
I get very excited.
Now I understand.
What are you drawing?
Miss Shizuka.
I've finished.
Good work.
Listen. Ryo.
Pros don't go right into fellatio.
Hiromi called me.
She says she wants you exclusively.
She does?
Your earnings for 2 sessions.
I don't use the banks.
60% of 4 hours is 24.000 yen ($240).
Something wrong?
No. This hourly rate far
exceeds my part-time job.
But also. the work is very exhausting.
In a good way.
Yes.
Every guy who starts this work...
gets a bit overwhelmed
by women's unpredictable desires.
Some even get scared and panic.
How do you feel?
Like I'm not...
walking on firm ground.
But even so...
I now feel a need...
to get to know women better.
I see.
That's promising.
With all the people in the world...
desire takes infinite forms.
Everyone at this very moment
is being driven by their own cravings.
They're all originals with each woman
having her inimitable style.
Are you Ryo from Club Passion?
Yes. and you must be Itsuki.
Is something wrong?
No.
You're very pretty and yet
you seem very normal. too.
You also are very cute... and very normal.
Yeah.
What were you reading?
Plato. Have you read him?
Yes.
I'm a big fan.
Really? Surprising for someone so young.
All I did as a kid was read.
What do you like about Plato?
What I like...
is the way he used to
take walks outside with Socrates.
I'm listening. Go on.
They'd come to a river among lush greenery.
Against the din of cicadas.
they'd chat about trivialities.
My favorite is Phaedrus.
About eros.
Yes.
But more than that...
I was attracted to the light-hearted way
all the dialogues begin.
I imagine feeling the passage of time
amid a chorus of cicadas.
Probably because I remember
reading that book in a park.
There. too. the cicadas were noisy.
I conceitedly felt
transported to Socrates' time.
May I use the restroom?
Forgive me for talking so much.
Drink up. We'll go to my place.
Thirsty?
No. I'm fine.
Well then...
my turn to talk. I guess.
Please.
I think it was a day in summer.
I was hot from playing dodge ball.
I drank water until ready to burst.
And then began walking
home with a good friend.
Our conversation that day
was livelier than usual.
I felt my bladder swelling.
But I couldn't break away to pee.
You were in love with that boy. right?
I was.
Then something strange happened.
As I squeezed my thighs together...
I felt a warm sensation
building down below.
When my friend stood to resume walking.
I couldn't move for fear of peeing.
I tensed my thighs and
stomach as best I could.
But then it happened.
Something exploded way down there.
Shuddering and half bent over...
I peed myself.
I left a puddle the size of a manhole.
My friend looked at me slack-jawed.
That was...
my very first orgasm.
When I grew up. no amount of normal sex
could recreate that pleasure.
So I started having sex with
strangers off the street.
And I had them watch me pee.
But ultimately. I wanted
someone I could relate to.
I desired to be seen by someone with
a degree of intelligence and culture.
But where could I find such a man?
Earlier...
without you seeing...
I took a diuretic pill.
If seeing a middle-aged woman pee
disgusts you. I'll understand.
I'll pay either way.
Show me. please.
I want to see you pee. Itsuki.
Thank you.
I can't hold it. Ryo. Can I do it here?
Of course.
Wow.
I felt my entire stomach emptying out.
Here's the usual.
Thanks. What'll you have?
The usual. too.
Campari and soda on the house.
Thanks.
You seem different. Ryo.
What?
Like you're enjoying work.
Good timing. Ryo.
Come join us for dinner.
Sure.
Take us to your favorite place.
Sorry for the dive.
Not at all. It's harder for women
as they age to eat at taverns.
Usually for new recruits...
I make follow-up calls
to see if they behaved themselves.
But you're getting high marks.
I am?
With you. they don't feel awkward
about age difference.
Is there a story behind that?
What?
Yes. there is.
But it's a bit of a downer.
My mother passed away 10 years ago.
I was 10. She was 37.
I stayed home from school with a cold.
She said...
"I'll be home before dark.
Keep warm and be a good boy."
Then dressed to the
nines. she left the house.
I still remember it vividly.
In my dreams. I still can't stop her.
When my dad came home...
he told me she'd collapsed.
A heart attack.
She had been in the entertainment
district of Yokohama.
Afterwards. whenever I asked
a woman for her age...
I'd be overjoyed if the response
that came back to me was 37.
Any resistance I might have
to older woman ended there.
Enjoy.
It seems to me...
you're still trying hard...
to keep your promise to your mother.
Keep warm and be a good boy.
I bet she was kind.
and very beautiful.
Miss Shizuka...
forgive me.
I need a shoulder.
In this way...
I became a gigolo.
Stern faces. beautiful faces...
faces filled with fear and anxiety...
the women's faces were many.
Ryo of Club Passion?
But not one wore their
desires on their sleeves.
I haven't had sex with my husband
since I gave birth. We're sexless.
When I ask for it. he calls
sex with family disgusting.
Everyone has a story.
Sure. some of them would put on an act.
The truth is before coming here...
I fantasized about what we'd do.
But I could respect that feeling. too.
Every woman was attractive.
Sometimes. the secret behind their desires
resided in personal pain or weakness.
Becoming a gigolo...
made me freer.
I'm scared I might go crazy.
Finding the hidden desire
in each and every woman.
and giving it room to breathe...
became my reason for doing what I do.
I'm coming!
Miss Shizuka. I just finished.
I found myself stepping deeper into...
a jungle of feminine desire.
Please watch your step.
Pardon me.
I'm Ryo from Club Passion.
Mr. Morinaka.
as you can see. I'm no longer capable
of embracing my wife.
Treatment of cancer and
TB may be advancing.
but there never seems to be
any progress with diabetes.
Hence my request.
Make love to my wife.
But let me videotape it
if you wouldn't mind.
All right.
Good. Then go bathe first. please.
My husband...
was told by his doctor
that he has only 18 months.
I'm very sorry.
And so...
I have a request.
He derives the most pleasure
from seeing me treated roughly.
Could you only pretend to molest
me harshly. but without the pain?
I do want to show him as best as I can.
Please.
Wear these.
It can be painful for me to watch later
if I can see your face.
Please begin.
Madam.
Can I tear your dress
and panties off of you?
Show your husband your lewd body!
Your loving husband's watching!
How does it feel?
Huh? How about the other titty!
Look how hard your nipples are already!
No! No!
Let's see what's happening down here!
Come on.
See how wet she is already?
Your wife is such a whore.
Time to insert my scalpel.
Take that.
Let me hear you. bitch!
Dear!
Here. take another hard look at your wife.
Help me. Dear!
Shut up!
Morinaka. keep going!
Okay.
Dear! Dear!
Where should I come?
On her ass! On her ripped stocking!
Noriko. are you loving it?
Yes!
Dear.
My dear.
Morinaka.
It's good footage.
I'll be sure to give Miss
Shizuka a good bonus.
Thank you.
How is a story of a dying man
and his young wife funny?
It would be moving if it were true.
What?
I've serviced them. too.
That couple is famous
for inventing stories.
But to purchase a wheelchair?
That's some method acting.
But the tears reveal...
a sadness behind the play acting.
With the difference in their ages.
his early exit is inevitable.
Here. They gave you an extra bonus.
In my club. if you receive extra pay.
it means a promotion.
Just like Azuma here...
you are now VIP class.
Thank you.
What did I tell you?
I knew you'd do well. Ryo.
But why?
Why'd you think that?
It's simple.
Because Ryo. you are normal.
Most guys who work here are slightly
perverse or twisted in some way.
How so?
Know why I was chosen for VIPs?
Why am I in such high demand?
My interior wiring is all messed up.
Pain gets sent to my
brain as sublime pleasure.
So my customers are all rich weirdos.
Cut me with a razor.
and the pain of the 1st. 3rd and 30th cuts
are totally different.
I'd like to have fun telling everyone
about it at a tavern. too.
But I'm glad I told you.
A lot of people would recoil in horror.
But you listened.
Can I approach you?
You can be still.
Just allow me to express my gratitude.
I worked hard to learn
the normal person's body.
That of both men and women.
And I've gotten pretty good.
The trick is how long you can lick
before getting to main event.
Azuma. I'm going to explode.
Go ahead. Ryo.
Did you like that?
Yeah. but...
did it excite you at all?
I'm happy if you are. but
it's spiritual satisfaction.
Is there anything I can do in return?
Break a bone.
Bones actually strengthen
right before broken.
I've busted my pinkie twice.
Can you do it?
I don't know how.
Just bend it backwards.
Hard enough to touch the back.
Are you sure?
Ryo. please.
More! Just go for it!
Ryo. please!
I'll get ice!
No!
Letting it swell is ecstasy for me.
Thank you. Ryo.
Oolong tea. please.
School's on break. But can I get it free?
And you?
I'm good.
All right.
I saw more potential in you.
I'm disappointed.
Shinya told me.
A former host I know
now works at Shizuka's.
The amazing rookie. he says.
You sell your body to elder women.
You're a prostitute! Disgusting!
You're right.
I'm a prostitute.
But how is different from being a host?
You're in college.
Why? So I can be a corporate slave?
You're a call boy to avoid getting a job?
Call it shameful. but it
can be truly rewarding. too.
Who is this woman who duped you?
Is she really that great?
Selling sex as a beautiful. soulful act?
You're just screwing her!
That's enough!
I've never even held her hand.
I'm not trying to sleep with her.
Just like I'm not with you.
We're very different. you and I.
You can do something else.
You're normal.
You can make it in the real world.
Pardon me.
Are you Ryo?
Today's my birthday.
Can you guess my age?
About 60?
I'm turning 70.
All I need...
is to hold your hand.
and I'll know everything.
You're not a bad person.
Tell me your story.
Anything's fine. Just tell me about you.
Well...
the other day...
I fought with my friends.
They learned of my work.
And called it dirty.
But I wish to continue.
To see how much I can change.
I need to know.
Until now...
I'd categorized all woman as tedious.
But I've changed...
thanks to one woman.
Perhaps what I really wanted from her...
was to be praised.
That was great.
An orgasm?
When you get older. you
discover many tricks like this.
Finding the right one...
is important.
I knew your hands weren't so bad.
Oh. again.
Did you just come again?
Hello.
Where's Sakura?
She's out.
You've worked very hard.
Enough so that you're vying with Azuma
for number one status.
Thank you.
You deserve a reward.
Your wish is my command.
Anything okay?
Yes.
Will you go out with me?
You said anything.
I'm your mother's age.
I've lost interest in boys.
Age is no obstacle.
You know that more than anyone.
Ryo!
That's enough.
But why stop me?
You taught me the beauty of women and sex.
I'd do anything else for you.
But I cannot make love to you.
I'm truly sorry.
Club Passion.
Certainly. Desired place and time?
Understood.
You're on. requested by name.
Would you then
let me take another test?
I'd hate to trouble Sakura.
but like my first time here...
would you grade me?
I wish to know if I've grown.
And for you to see it.
I'm okay with it.
Please do as Ryo asks.
All right.
Ryo...
when your work is done. we'll begin.
Pardon me.
I've been waiting. Ryo.
Megumi. what's this?
I'm your customer.
Do you always speak to them like that?
We can talk anywhere. the bar. wherever.
In broad daylight in a world
where family and friends live.
you'll keep doing this work. right?
You said it yourself.
That even shameful work
can be truly rewarding.
Prove it to me with my body.
You're incredibly expensive. Ryo.
I'm spending a month of wages on you.
Show me what you got.
This won't prove anything!
I slept with Shinya afterwards.
As a call boy. you should
be better than a host.
Sex is your profession. right?
So get to work.
Do your job!
My feet are dirty.
Don't. I'll squirt!
Give it to me.
Condom.
It's okay. Hurry.
But I'm a prostitute.
Don't make me repeat it.
Ryo... Ryo...
Ryo!
Ryo.
I've wanted you for so long. Ryo.
But I understand now.
You live in a world different from me.
This is the work of a top-selling pro.
When you're ready...
come to the bar.
It's a place where...
you can always drink for free.
I just finished.
Shall we go?
It seems Sakura is really fond of you.
Instead of me. take her out on a date.
Many years ago...
I was a call girl. too.
I fell for a customer. and Sakura was born.
We split up right away. but...
learning of Sakura's disability...
I felt despair.
When Sakura grew up. she told me...
I want to help you in your work. Mom.
Of course. I said. "No."
But she wouldn't accept that.
And...
She looked for something she could do.
It was all...
because of my illness.
I was infected with the AIDS virus.
No amount of protection...
can guarantee safety from sexual infection.
Refusing you. Ryo...
took great restraint for me.
The reason I asked for this...
was to confirm my feelings for you.
Ryo.
Show me how you make love.
Sakura!
Shizuka!
Mother.
Sakura.
Dear Ryo Morinaka...
Club Passion has been exposed.
When you read this.
I may be in custody for questioning.
I destroyed all documentation
and records. so don't worry.
But I've something to say.
I hesitated to tell you. but I figured
you would understand.
I heard it from a contact
at a Yokohama club.
but I'll get to the point.
Your mother was a call girl.
She collapsed on the street
after seeing a customer.
But the Ryo that exists now...
I feel sure wouldn't blame her.
Don't feel anger of contempt at her.
You and your mother...
have a connection with me and Sakura.
Perhaps it's wishful thinking.
But I believe we were meant to meet.
I don't know how my illness will play out.
But I truly hope...
that the 3 of us can
spend time together again.
Shizuka Midoh.
Pardon me.
I'm Ryo of Club Passion.
It's been a year.
Today.
will you hear my story?
Yes.
He's in Heaven by now. but...
my husband passed away 10 years ago.
But he always visits
me here on my birthday.
Look there. He's just outside
the window looking in.
He and I...
first made love in this place.
Are we having real sex. then?
The older one gets. the
harder it is to get wet.
Apparently. this makes it easier.
Well then...
shall we begin?
How've you been?
Yes. we're back in business.
Really? I can't wait to see you.
Okay. see you then.
Miss Shizuka...
I've just finished.
Tori Matsuzaka
Sei Matobu
Ami Tomite
Kenta Izuka
Yuki Sakurai
You Koyanagi
Erika Mabuchi
Yuri Ogino
Kokone Sasaki
Mai Otani
Ruri Shinato
Tokuma Nishioka
Kyoko Enami
Directed and Written by Daisuke Miura
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org